Adding Fine-tuning to Get-Started section (#113)
kluster-ai/docs: get-started/fine-tuning/platform.md

High-quality, well-formatted data is crucial for successful fine-tuning:

- **Format**: Data must be in JSONL format, where each line is a valid JSON object representing a training example.
- **Structure**: Each JSON object should contain a `messages` array with system, user, and assistant messages.
- **Example format**:

    ```json
    --8<-- 'code/get-started/fine-tuning/prepare.json'
    ```

- **Quantity**: The minimum requirement is 10 examples, but more diverse and high-quality examples yield better results.
- **Quality**: Ensure your data accurately represents the task you want the model to perform.

!!! tip "Data preparation"
    For a detailed walkthrough of data preparation, see the [Fine-tuning Sentiment Analysis Tutorial](https://docs.kluster.ai/tutorials/klusterai-api/finetuning-sent-analysis/#get-the-data){target=_blank}.

!!! example "Find Llama datasets on Hugging Face"
    There is a wide range of datasets suitable for Llama model fine-tuning on [Hugging Face Datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets?sort=trending&search=llama){target=_blank}. Browse trending and community-curated datasets to accelerate your data preparation.

## Fine-tuning workflow

> The process of fine-tuning a model using the kluster.ai platform interface involves several key steps:

Reviewer: Is this on purpose or there is a bullet list here missing?

Reviewer 2: I think it's rather referring to the next section headers etc, I don't think we need a bullet point list here.

---
title: Fine-tuning with the kluster.ai Platform
description: Learn how to create custom models tailored to your specific tasks by fine-tuning foundation models with your own data using the kluster.ai visual interface.
---

# Fine-tuning with the kluster.ai Platform

The kluster.ai platform provides a visual, no-code approach to fine-tuning AI models. With an intuitive interface and real-time feedback, you can train customized models without writing a single line of code.

This guide walks you through the platform's fine-tuning workflow, from uploading your training data to deploying your specialized model.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started with fine-tuning, ensure you have the following:

--8<-- 'text/kluster-api-onboarding.md'
- **Prepared dataset**: You need data formatted according to kluster.ai's requirements for fine-tuning (detailed below).

## Supported models

> kluster.ai currently supports fine-tuning for two base models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kluster.ai currently supports fine-tuning for the following models:
```

!!! example "Find Llama datasets on Hugging Face"
    There is a wide range of datasets suitable for Llama model fine-tuning on [Hugging Face Datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets?sort=trending&search=llama){target=_blank}. Browse trending and community-curated datasets to accelerate your data preparation.

## Fine-tuning workflow

The process of fine-tuning a model using the kluster.ai platform interface involves several key steps:

### Navigate to the fine-tuning page

To begin, visit the [kluster.ai fine-tuning page](https://platform.kluster.ai/fine-tuning){target=_blank} and click the **Create new job** button.

![Create new fine-tuning job](/images/get-started/fine-tuning/fine-tuning-1.webp)

### Choose model and upload data

  1. **Select a base model**: Choose one of the available foundation models from the dropdown menu.
  2. **Upload your file**: Upload your prepared JSONL training file by dragging and dropping the file or using the file selection dialog.

![Select base model](/images/get-started/fine-tuning/fine-tuning-2.webp)

!!! note "Validation data"

>     You can optionally upload a validation dataset in the same format as your training data. This helps evaluate your model's performance during training.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    You can optionally upload a validation dataset in the same format as your training data. This helps evaluate the performance of your model during training.
```

### Configure hyperparameters

>   Customize your fine-tuning job by configuring these settings:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Customize your fine-tuning job by configuring these settings:
```

---
title: Fine-tuning with the Platform
description: Learn how to create custom models tailored to your specific tasks by fine-tuning foundation models with your own data using the kluster.ai visual interface.
---

# Fine-tuning with the Platform

The kluster.ai platform provides a visual, no-code approach to fine-tuning AI models. With an intuitive interface and real-time feedback, you can train customized models without writing a single line of code.

This guide walks you through the platform's fine-tuning workflow, from uploading your training data to deploying your specialized model.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started with fine-tuning, ensure you have the following:

> - **kluster.ai account**: Sign up on the [kluster.ai platform](https://platform.kluster.ai/signup){target=_blank} if you do not have one.

Reviewer: Use the snippet but with the line capture feature?

Reviewer 2: Done!

- **Prepared dataset**: You need data formatted according to kluster.ai's requirements for fine-tuning (detailed below).

## Supported models

kluster.ai currently supports fine-tuning for two base models:

- [klusterai/Meta-Llama-3.1-8B-Instruct-Turbo](https://docs.kluster.ai/get-started/models/){target=_blank}

> - [klusterai/Meta-Llama-3.3-70B-Instruct-Turbo](https://docs.kluster.ai/get-started/models/){target=_blank} 

Reviewer: Let's also create a snippet for this, it is the third time I see it in this PR
